README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="logo" src="https://fastly.jsdelivr.net/npm/@vant/assets/logo.png" width="120" height="120" style="margin-bottom: 10px;">
</p>

<h1 align="center">Vant Nuxt</h1>

<p align="center"><b>Vant module for Nuxt</b></p>

## Features

- Automatically import components and styles on demand.
- Automatically import of showDialog, showToast and other methods.

## Install

```shell
npx nuxi@latest module add vant
# or
npm i vant @vant/nuxt -D
```

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ['@vant/nuxt'],
  vant: {
    /** Options */
  },
});
```

## Usage

```vue
<template>
  <van-button type="primary" @click="showToast('toast')">button</van-button>
  <VanButton type="success" @click="showNotify('notify')">button</VanButton>
  <LazyVanButton type="default">lazy button</LazyVanButton>
</template>
```

Reference [Nuxt documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/components) and [playground](./playground/app.vue) use.

## Options

### lazyload

- Type: `boolean` | `object`
- Default: `false`

How to load directives and components from lazyload.

eg. `{ lazyComponent: true }`

### importStyle

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `true`

Whether to automatically import styles.

### excludeExports

- Type: `array`
- Default: `['Lazyload', 'Locale']`

Exclude exports from Vant that are not component content.

### components

- Type: `array`

If there are components that are not imported automatically from Vant, you need to add the component here.

### imports

- Type: `array`

If you wish to add automatically import content from Vant, you can add it here.

### include

- Type: `array`
- Default: `[ /\.vue$/, /\.vue\?vue/, /\.vue\?v=/, /\.((c|m)?j|t)sx?$/]`

Include files that need to automatically import styles.

### exclude

- Type: `array`
- Default: `[/[\\/]node_modules[\\/]/, /[\\/]\.git[\\/]/, /[\\/]\.nuxt[\\/]/]`

Exclude files that do not require the automatic import of styles.

## Development

- Run `pnpm i` to install the dependencies.
- Run `pnpm dev:prepare` to generate type stubs.
- Run `pnpm dev` to start playground in development mode.
- Run `pnpm dev:build` to build playground.
- Run `pnpm dev:start` to locally preview playground.
- Run `pnpm build` to build this project.

Commit message:

feat: add defaultLocale to replace default locale (#40)

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="logo" src="https://fastly.jsdelivr.net/npm/@vant/assets/logo.png" width="120" height="120" style="margin-bottom: 10px;">
</p>

<h1 align="center">Vant Nuxt</h1>

<p align="center"><b>Vant module for Nuxt</b></p>

## Features

- Automatically import components and styles on demand.
- Automatically import of showDialog, showToast and other methods.

## Install

```shell
npx nuxi@latest module add vant
# or
npm i vant @vant/nuxt -D
```

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  modules: ['@vant/nuxt'],
  vant: {
    /** Options */
  },
});
```

## Usage

```vue
<template>
  <van-button type="primary" @click="showToast('toast')">button</van-button>
  <VanButton type="success" @click="showNotify('notify')">button</VanButton>
  <LazyVanButton type="default">lazy button</LazyVanButton>
</template>
```

Reference [Nuxt documentation](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/components) and [playground](./playground/app.vue) use.

## Options

### lazyload

- Type: `boolean` | `object`
- Default: `false`

How to load directives and components from lazyload.

eg. `{ lazyComponent: true }`

### importStyle

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `true`

Whether to automatically import styles.

### defaultLocale

- Type: `string`

Replace default locale, you can find locale list [here](https://github.com/youzan/vant/tree/main/packages/vant/src/locale/lang).

### excludeExports

- Type: `array`
- Default: `['Lazyload', 'Locale']`

Exclude exports from Vant that are not component content.

### components

- Type: `array`

If there are components that are not imported automatically from Vant, you need to add the component here.

### imports

- Type: `array`

If you wish to add automatically import content from Vant, you can add it here.

### include

- Type: `array`
- Default: `[ /\.vue$/, /\.vue\?vue/, /\.vue\?v=/, /\.((c|m)?j|t)sx?$/]`

Include files that need to automatically import styles.

### exclude

- Type: `array`
- Default: `[/[\\/]node_modules[\\/]/, /[\\/]\.git[\\/]/, /[\\/]\.nuxt[\\/]/]`

Exclude files that do not require the automatic import of styles.

## Development

- Run `pnpm i` to install the dependencies.
- Run `pnpm dev:prepare` to generate type stubs.
- Run `pnpm dev` to start playground in development mode.
- Run `pnpm dev:build` to build playground.
- Run `pnpm dev:start` to locally preview playground.
- Run `pnpm build` to build this project.
